a) What is the difference between Internal Storage & External Storage?
       Internal Storage:
                1.Internal Storage is storage that is not be directly accessible by the user, except via installed applications.
                  By default, files saved to the internal storage are private to your application and other applications cannot access them.
		2.Internal storage is inside computer.
		3.Internal is connected to the computer power supply.
		4.Internal operates using components on the motherboard. 
		The term internal storage in Android based systems usually refers to the partition where you can store your personal data and configuration files 
		that is separate from where the kernel, the OS, and built in apps are typically stored 
		(You can store your apps in internal or external storage if you choose to). This is also the partition you are allowed to access without rooting.
	External Storage:
                1 A removable storage media is called External Storage.
		2.External storage is outside the computer enclosure.
		3.External storage sometimes needs an additional power source.
		4.External storage sometimes needs a drive controller.
		For example, in systems that don't natively contain external SD card storage (like Google's Nexus 7)
		the system actually partitions a part of internal memory to emulate an external SD card so that software that wants to store data 
		there has a place to put it.
External Storage has two types:-
     1.Primary External Storage: It is a in built shared storage which can accessed on PC by connecting your phone to PC via USB cable
       and selecting PTP in the USB options notification.
     
     2.Secondary External Storage: This type of storage can be accessed on PC by connecting your phone to PC via USB cable and selecting 
       File transfer in the USB options notification.


b) For how long the data resides in the cache?
      A cache is a hardware or software component that stores data so future requests for that data can be served faster.
		1.Typically files will stay in the cache until space runs out.
		2.it's also a matter of how much each person browses.
		3.If a cache refresh is needed, we can force the page to not cache files.
                4.Android’s smartphone cache is barely enough to hold 15 pages together.
                5.The data in these locations are written back to the backing store only when they are evicted from the cache
c) What are the critical Permissions and Normal Permissions? What are the
   examples of each?
	Normal Permissions:Normal permissions cover areas where your app needs to access data or resources outside the app's sandbox, 
         but where there's very little risk to the user's privacy or the operation of other apps.
		Example: permission to set the time zone is a normal permission. If an app declares that it needs a normal permission, 
			 Some of the normal permissions in android:- 
                           EXPAND_STATUS_BAR
                           GET_PACKAGE_SIZE
                           INSTALL_SHORTCUT
                           INTERNET
                           KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES

	Critical Permissions:Dangerous permissions cover areas where the app wants data or resources that involve the user's private information, 
		  or could potentially affect the user's stored data or the operation of other apps
		Example: the ability to read the user's contacts is a dangerous permission. If an app declares that it needs a dangerous permission, 
			 the user has to explicitly grant the permission to the app.
		       :CALL_PHONE,READ_CALL_LOG,WRITE_CALL_LOG,ADD_VOICEMAIL,USE_SIP,PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS,RECORD_AUDIO,READ_PHONE_STATE
